AAPICO Amata Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Ford.

AAPICO Hitech Public Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Ford.

AB SKFis a top 500 supplier, located in Sweden. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Fiat.

Aichi Forge (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (formerly Aichi International (Thailand) Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 10 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 10 Axle(s) to Toyota.

Aisin Corporation (Formerly Aisin Seiki Co., Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),17 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 10 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to GAC Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.

Albert Handtmann Metallgusswerk GmbH & Co. KGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Opel.

ALF Engineering Pvt. Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.

Aludyne, Inc. (Fromerly Chassix Holdings Inc.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Jeep.

American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in United States of America. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s),69 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 42 Axle(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 20 Axle(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Daimler.

Arakawa Industry Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Mitsubishi.

Asano Gear Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Daihatsu.

Autoforjas Ltda. (CIE Autoforjas)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Fiat.

Automatic Spring Products Corp.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Ford.

Autoneum India Pvt. Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tata.

BASF S.A.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.

BASF SEis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.

Beijing Hainachuan Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to GAC Gonow.

Beijing West Industries Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 19 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW Brilliance.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Ferrari.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volvo Cars.

Benteler Automotive (Changshu) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Qoros.

Benteler Componentes Automotivos Ltda.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to GM.

Benteler Group (Benteler Automobiltechnik GmbH)is a top 500 supplier, located in Austria. It has sold a total of 17 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to DS Automobiles.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Skoda.It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Lamborghini.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to SEAT.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Qoros.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Lancia.

BOGE Elastmetall GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

BorgWarner Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in United States of America. It has sold a total of 43 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Kia.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Chrysler.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 9 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Rolls-Royce.

BorgWarner Ludwigsburg GmbH (Formerly BERU AG)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Skoda.

BorgWarner United Transmission Systems Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.

Brake Parts Inc. - Mexicois a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jeep.

Brose Fahrzeugteile SE & Co. KG, Coburgis a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

BWI North America, Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.

Cangzhou Hyundai Mobis Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Beijing Hyundai.

Carraro SpAis a not top 500 supplier, located in Italy. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to INEOS.

Changchun Beite Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 35 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Car.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Haima.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Geely.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to JAC.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Tianjin FAW Xiali.

Changchun Yidong Clutch Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 51 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Beiqi Foton.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Brilliance Jinbei.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to BYD.It has sold a total of 7 Clutch(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to FAW Jilin.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Great Wall.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Hafei.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to JAC.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Lifan.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to South East.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Tianjin FAW Xiali.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Changhe.

Chengdu Engley Automobile Parts Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

Chengdu Jianxin Automobile Component Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

Chengdu Mingran Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Chery.

Chengdu Ningjiang Showa Autoparts Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 13 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Mazda.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changhe Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daihatsu.

Chengdu Yonghua F.C.C. Clutches Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 15 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 15 Clutch(s) to Changan Ford.

China FCC Foshan Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 15 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 9 Clutch(s) to GAC Honda.

Chongqing Beite Technology Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 15 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Mazda.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changhe Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

Chongqing Landai Transmission Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to BYD.

Chongqing Yu'an Shock Absorber Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to DFSK.

Chuo Malleable Iron Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Toyota.

Clear Motion Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to NIO.

CNC Driveline Technology Co., Ltd. (Formerly Zhuhai China And Canton Clutch Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s),18 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to VOYAH Motor.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to BAIC Yinxiang.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Geely.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.

Continental AGis a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volvo Cars.

Continental Temic Electronics (Phil), Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Philippines. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

ContiTech AGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.

Contitech Fluid Shanghai Co.Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Shanghai Volkswagen.

CPR Gomu Industrial Public Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Nissan.

D-ACT.Co., Ltd. (Formerly Aoi Machine Industry Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 20 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 11 Axle(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Toyota.

Daao (Wuhu) Automobile Products Co., Ltd.(Formerly Tower (Wuhu) Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Chery.

Dae Seung Autoparts India Pvt Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 10 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 10 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.

Dana (Chongqing) Driveline Technology Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Jiangling Motors.

Dana Anand India Private Limited (Formerly Spicer India Private Limited)is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Ashok Leyland.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Tata.

Dana Graziano S.R.L. (Formerly Oerlikon Graziano S.p.A.)is a top 500 supplier, located in Italy. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Alexander Dennis.

Dana Incorporated (Formerly Dana Holding Corporation)is a top 500 supplier, located in United States of America. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s),99 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 22 Axle(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 41 Axle(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s) to Hino.It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.

Dowlais Group plcis a top 500 supplier, located in United Kingdom. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s),3 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Peugeot.

DR Axion Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.

Dynax Corporationis a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 77 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 34 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 20 Clutch(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 14 Clutch(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Honda.

Dynax Industry (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to GAC Mitsubishi.

EFC Internationalis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Rivian.

Endurance Technologies Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Kia.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Tata.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Daimler.

EXEDY (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 56 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 15 Clutch(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 11 Clutch(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 13 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Honda.

Exedy Chongqing Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 42 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Dongfeng Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Beiqi Foton.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to BYD.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Changan Mazda.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to FAW Car.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to GAC Honda.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to GAC Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to GAC Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Lifan.

EXEDY Corporationis a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 83 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 18 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Hino.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 19 Clutch(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Mitsubishi Fuso.It has sold a total of 11 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to UD Trucks.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Daihatsu.

EXEDY DYNAX Mexico S.A de C.V.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.

EXEDY India Ltd. - Greater Noida Plantis a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 28 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 12 Clutch(s) to Maruti Suzuki.It has sold a total of 7 Clutch(s) to Tata.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Toyota.

Ezaki Industrial (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.

F-TECH Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Honda.

F-Tech Mfg. (Thailand) Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Honda.

F-Tech Wuhan Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Dongfeng Honda.

F-Tech Zhongshan Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to GAC Honda.

F.C.C. Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 76 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 51 Clutch(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Daimler.

FAW-Tokico Shock Absorber Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 17 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to WM Motor.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC (Guangzhou).It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Zhenjiang.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Great Wall.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Haima.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to JAC.

FAWER Automotive Parts Limited Companyis a top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Geely.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

FCC (Adams), LLC.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Honda.

FCC (North America), Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.

FCC (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 37 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 28 Clutch(s) to Honda.

FCC Automotive Parts De Mexico, S.A. de C.V.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.

FCC Clutch India Private Limited (Formerly FCC India Manufacturing Pvt. Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Honda.

Federal-Mogul Holdings LLCis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Daimler.

FinDreams Powertrain Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to BYD.

FinDreams Technology Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to BYD.

Firestone Industrial Products Company, LLCis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla.

Force Motors - Chakan Plantis a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 27 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Jiangling Motors.It has sold a total of 16 Axle(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 9 Axle(s) to Daimler.

Fox Factory, Inc. - Gainesville Facilityis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.

Freudenberg SEis a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

FTE automotive GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 46 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Volvo Cars.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 7 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Skoda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Lancia.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Porsche.

FTE automotive USA Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to GM.

FTE Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. (Valeo Mexico Puebla)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

Gabriel India Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 121 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 11 Shock Absorber(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 30 Shock Absorber(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.It has sold a total of 41 Shock Absorber(s) to Maruti Suzuki.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Skoda.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Tata.

Gentherm Automotive Systems (China) Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Dongfeng Peugeot Citroen.

Georg Fischer AGis a top 500 supplier, located in Switzerland. It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to DAF.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW.

Gestamp Auto Components (Beijing) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to BMW Brilliance.

Gestamp Auto Components (Shenyang) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to BMW Brilliance.

Gestamp Automocion S.A.is a top 500 supplier, located in Spain. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s),8 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Maserati.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Audi.

Gestamp Automotive Chongqing Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 12 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Dongfeng Peugeot Citroen.It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s) to Changan Ford.

GF Linamar LLCis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.

GKN do Brasil Ltda.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Toyota.

GKN Driveline Tochigi Holdings KKis a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Mazda.

Guangdong Hongtu Technology (Holdings) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to BYD.

Guangzhou Daonuo Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 23 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Beijing Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Dongfeng Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Dongfeng Yueda Kia.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to GAC Honda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Shanghai GM.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Shanghai GM Wuling.

H&R Spezialfedern GmbH & Co. KGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

Hanil Precision Ind. Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 22 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 22 Axle(s) to Kia.

HASCO Powertrain Components System (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.(Formerly Shanghai Sachs Powertrain Components Systems Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 12 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Shanghai GM.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Shanghai Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jiangling Motors.

HASCO Powertrain Components Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Liuzhou Branch (Formerly Shanghai Sachs Powertrain Components Systems Co., Ltd. Liuzhou Branch)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.

Hirschvogel Group (Hirschvogel Holding GmbH)is a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Porsche.

Hitachi Astemo Americas, Inc. (Formerly  Hitachi Automotive Systems Americas, Inc.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Hitachi Astemo Chassis Systems (Guangzhou) Ltd. (Formerly Guangzhou Showa Autoparts Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Honda.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Honda.

Hitachi Astemo Chassis Systems (Guangzhou) Ltd. Wuhan Branch (Formerly Guangzhou Showa Autoparts Co., Ltd. Wuhan Branch)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Renault.

Hitachi Astemo ChassisSystems (Suzhou) Ltd. (Formerly Tokico Automotive (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.

Hitachi Astemo Chonburi Auto Parts Ltd. (Formerly Showa Auto Parts (Thailand) Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 13 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Hitachi Astemo Korat Brake Systems Ltd. (Formerly Nissin Brake (Thailand) Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Isuzu.

Hitachi Astemo Korat Ltd. (Formerly Tokico Thailand Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Hitachi Astemo Mexico, S.A. de C.V. - Queretaro Plant (Formerly Hitachi Automotive Systems Mexico, S.A. de C.V.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 20 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Hitachi Astemo, Ltd. (Formerly Hitachi Automotive Systems, Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 541 Shock Absorber(s),1 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 66 Shock Absorber(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 96 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 72 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 54 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 30 Shock Absorber(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 147 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 37 Shock Absorber(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Hino.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Honda.

HL Mando (Beijing) Automotive System Co., Ltd. (Formerly Mando (Beijing) Automotive Chassis System Co.,Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla China.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Motor.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Lifan.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan.

HL Mando (Ningbo) Automotive System Co., Ltd. (Formerly Mando (Ningbo) Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Geely.

HL Mando America Corporation - Alabama (Formerly Mando America Corporation - Alabama)is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla.

HL Mando Automotive India Private Limited (Formerly Mando Automotive India Private Limited)is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.

HL Mando Corporation (Formerly Mando Corporation)is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 85 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 62 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 18 Shock Absorber(s) to Kia.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.

HL Mando Corporation Mexico SA de CV (Formerly Mando Corporation Mexico SA de CV)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla.

Hunan KDL Precision Industry Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BYD.

Hwashin Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Hyundai.

Hwasin Precision Co.,Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Kia.

Hyundai Mobis Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.

Hyundai Transys Inc. - Jigok Plant (Formerly Hyundai Powertech Co., Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 38 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 25 Axle(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Kia.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to SsangYong.

Hyundai Transys Inc. - Seongyeon Plant (Formerly Hyundai Dymos, Inc.)is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 30 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 11 Axle(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s) to Kia.It has sold a total of 11 Axle(s) to SsangYong.

HYUNDAI Transys Powertrain system(Rizhao) co., Ltd.(Formerly Hyundai Dymos Powertrain System (Rizhao) Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 16 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Beijing Hyundai.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Dongfeng Yueda Kia.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Geely.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Hawtai.

Hyundai WIA Corporation (Formerly WIA Corporation)is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),3 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Kia.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Kia.

Jay Bharat Maruti Ltd. (JBML)is a top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Maruti Suzuki.

Jiangsu Luoshi Vibration Control Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.

Jiangxi Jiangling Automobile Chassis Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Jiangling Holding.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Jiangling Motors.

Jiangyin Haida Rubber & Plastic Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 17 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Motor.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Aion.

Jinzhou Leader Shock Absorber Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 29 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Jemmell New Energy.It has sold a total of 26 Shock Absorber(s) to Great Wall.

JTEKT Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Toyota.

JTEKT India Limited (Formerly Sona Koyo Steering Systems Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Maruti Suzuki.

JTEKT Sales Deutschland GmbH (Formerly Koyo Deutschland GmbH)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW.

KACO GmbH + Co. KGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

Kawada Corporationis a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Mazda.

Keboda Technology Corporation (Formerly Shanghai Oubao Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.

Keeper Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Nissan.

Keihin Seimitsu Kogyo Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 16 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 16 Axle(s) to Toyota.

Keystone Powdered Metal Companyis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 13 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 13 Clutch(s) to Ford.

Kinugawa (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Nissan.

KIRCHHOFF Automotive AGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s),2 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.

KIRCHHOFF Automotive Canada Inc. - Aurorais a not top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.

KIRCHHOFF Automotive Manchesteris a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.

KIRCHHOFF Automotive Mexico S.A. de C.V.  (Formerly VRK Automotive Systems, S.A. de C.V.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.

Knauf SASis a not top 500 supplier, located in France. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

KOMOS Automotive Indiais a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 13 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 9 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Kia.

Koni BVis a not top 500 supplier, located in Netherlands. It has sold a total of 11 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Abarth.

Korea Movenex Co., Ltd. (Formerly Korea Flange Co., Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 10 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Kia.

KSM Castings Group GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s),and 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Daimler.

KSR International Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.

Kurashiki Siam Rubber Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.

KYB (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

KYB Americas Corporation - Indianais a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 26 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

KYB Corporationis a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 609 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 273 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 48 Shock Absorber(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 33 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 29 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 48 Shock Absorber(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 69 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Skoda.It has sold a total of 30 Shock Absorber(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 63 Shock Absorber(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Magyar Suzuki.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.

KYB Europe GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Citroen.

KYB Industrial Machinery (Zhenjiang) Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 36 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW Brilliance.It has sold a total of 13 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Nissan.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Toyota.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Zhengzhou Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to South East.

KYB Latinoamerica, S.A. de C.V. (KYB Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico City Branch)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.

KYB Manufacturing do Brasil Fabricante de Autopecas S.A. (Formerly KYB-Mando do Brasil Fabricante de Autopecas S.A.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

Kyushu Yanagawa Seiki Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Toyota.

Liaoning SG Automotive Chassis Systems Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Beiqi Foton.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.

Linamar Corporationis a top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.

Linde + Wiemann SE & Co. KGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.

LTH Castings d.o.o.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Slovenia. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW.

Magna International Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Bentley.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volvo cars.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volvo Cars.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Skoda.

Magna PT B.V. & Co. KG (Formerly Getrag B.V. & Co. KG)is a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volvo Cars.

Marelli Europe S.p.A. (Formerly Magneti Marelli S.p.A.)is a top 500 supplier, located in Italy. It has sold a total of 31 Shock Absorber(s),3 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to DS Automobiles.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ferrari.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Maserati.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Lancia.

Marelli Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. - San Francisco Plant (Formerly Calsonic Kansei Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. - San Francisco Plant)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.

Marelli Morocco LLC SARLis a not top 500 supplier, located in Morocco. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Peugeot.

Marelli Motherson Auto Suspension Parts Pvt. Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Tata.

Martinrea International Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Chrysler.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Fiat.

MCGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Portugal. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.

Means Industries, Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 20 Clutch(s),1 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 13 Clutch(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Rivian.

Means Transform Products - London, Ontario Canada (Formerly Transform Automotive Canada Ltd)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.

Means Transform Products - Sterling Heightsis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.

Meritor, Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in United States of America. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Navistar.

Metaldyne Performance Group Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in United States of America. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Ford.

Mid-West Forge Corporationis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Ford.

Mobex Globalis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 10 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 10 Axle(s) to Ford.

MOBIS India, Ltd. (MIA)is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 11 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 11 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.

Mobis Manufacturing De Mexico, S. De R.L. De C.V.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Kia.

MOBIS Slovakia s.r.o.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Slovakia. It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Kia.

Monroe Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. - Celayais a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.

Motor Superis a not top 500 supplier, located in Russia. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to AvtoVAZ.

Multimatic, Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 22 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 11 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Aston Martin.

Munjal Showa Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Maruti Suzuki.

Nanjing Valeo Clutch Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Shanghai Volkswagen.

Nanyang Cijan Auto Shock Absorber Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 51 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Geely.It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Motor.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Yinxiang.It has sold a total of 13 Shock Absorber(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Peugeot Citroen.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Haima.

Nemak, S.A.B. de C.V.is a top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),1 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Maserati.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.

Ningbo Shenglong Automotive Powertrain System Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 49 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 10 Clutch(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 32 Clutch(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.

Ningbo Tuopu Group Co., Ltd.(Formerly Ningbo Tuopu Brake System Co., Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BYD.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla China.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Geely.

Nissan Kohki Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 23 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 21 Axle(s) to Nissan.

Nitron Racing Systems Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in UK. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Lotus.

NSK Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 17 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 7 Clutch(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Mitsubishi.

NTN Corporationis a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s),7 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Skoda.

NTN Europe S.A. (Formerly NTN-SNR Roulements S.A.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in France. It has sold a total of 11 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Renault.

Oehlins Racing ABis a not top 500 supplier, located in Sweden. It has sold a total of 17 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Polestar.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to Volvo Cars.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Arrinera.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Lotus.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.

Oiles Corporationis a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Okamoto Press Industry Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Suzuki.

Ovalo GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.

P.T. EXEDY Manufacturing Indonesiais a not top 500 supplier, located in Indonesia. It has sold a total of 7 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Toyota.

P.T. FCC Indonesiais a not top 500 supplier, located in Indonesia. It has sold a total of 13 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 13 Clutch(s) to Honda.

P.T. Kayaba Indonesiais a not top 500 supplier, located in Indonesia. It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

PMG Holding GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

Precision Sintered Products (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 311 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC (Guangzhou).It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Motor.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Yinxiang.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Zhenjiang.It has sold a total of 44 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Mazda.It has sold a total of 28 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Changhe Suzuki.It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor.It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Nissan.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Renault.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW.It has sold a total of 20 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Car.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Haima.It has sold a total of 15 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Honda.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 18 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Motor.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Toyota.It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s) to Great Wall.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Haima.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Hawtai.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to JAC.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to South East.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Tianjin FAW Xiali.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Zhejiang Youngman Passenger Car.

Press Kogyo Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 12 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Nissan.

PT. Aichi Forging Indonesiais a not top 500 supplier, located in Indonesia. It has sold a total of 12 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Toyota.

PT. Aisin Indonesiais a not top 500 supplier, located in Indonesia. It has sold a total of 16 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 11 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Daihatsu.

PT. F.Tech Indonesiais a not top 500 supplier, located in Indonesia. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Honda.

PT. Yorozu Automotive Indonesiais a not top 500 supplier, located in Indonesia. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Suzuki.

Pyung Hwa Industrial Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Shanghai GM.

Rausch & Pausch Automotive GmbH & Co. KG (RAPA Automotive)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 18 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.

Rollax GmbH & Co. KGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

Ryobi Aluminium Casting (UK) Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in UK. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

Ryobi Die Casting (USA), Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.

Ryobi Die Casting Dalian Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

Ryobi Limitedis a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Peugeot.

SAF-HOLLAND do Brasil Ltda.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.

Samkee Corp. (Formerly Samkee Automotive Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 16 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Kia.

Sandeep Axles Pvt. Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Tata.

Sanden HASCO Automotive Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd. (Formerly Sanden Huayu Automotive Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Shanghai Volkswagen.

Schaeffler (China) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s),3 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to BYD.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Deepal.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Changan.

Schaeffler AGis a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s),29 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to SEAT.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volvo Cars.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to SEAT.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Skoda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to GM.

Schaeffler Automotive Buehl GmbH & Co. KGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 23 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Maruti Suzuki.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Lancia.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Skoda.

Schaeffler Group USA Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to GM.

Schaeffler India Limited (Formerly Luk India Pvt. Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.

Schaeffler India Limitedis a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Renault.

Schaeffler Japan Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Honda.

Schaeffler Savaria Kft. (Formerly LuK Savaria Kft.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Hungary. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

Schaeffler Transmission Systems, LLC  Wooster (Formerly LuK USA LLC)is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 11 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to GM.

Seohan Innobility Co., Ltd. (Formerly Seohan Industries Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 13 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Kia.

Setrab ABis a not top 500 supplier, located in Sweden. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ferrari.

Shanghai Baolong Automotive Corporationis a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BYD.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to NIO.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Li Auto.

Shanghai Beite Technology Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 57 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Toyota.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Honda.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Toyota.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Geely.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Peugeot Citroen.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Yueda Kia.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Fujian Benz.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jiangling Motors.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.

Shanghai Benteler Huizhong Automotive Company Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW Brilliance.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Qoros.

Shanghai Carthane Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 186 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BYD.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to NIO.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla China.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Xpeng.It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC (Guangzhou).It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Yinxiang.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Zhenjiang.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Beijing Hyundai.It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Chery Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to DFSK.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Honda.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 19 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Peugeot Citroen.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Yulon.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Honda.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Motor.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Geely.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Great Wall.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Haima.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to JAC.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Jiangling Motors.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Lifan.It has sold a total of 13 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.

Shanghai Huizhong Automotive Manufacturing Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),16 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Shanghai GM.It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Shanghai Volkswagen.

Shanghai Sachs Huizhong Shock Absorber Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 63 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Xpeng.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW Brilliance.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to NIO.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Li Auto.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Beijing Benz.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Brilliance.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan PSA.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Peugeot Citroen.It has sold a total of 11 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Maxus.It has sold a total of 13 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Shanghai GM.

Shanxi Dongfeng Axle Transmission System Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Chery.

Sharda Industriesis a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.

Sharda Motor Industries Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.

Shiloh Industries, Inc. - Pleasant Prairie Plantis a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Daimler.

Siam Metal Technology Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Nissan.

Sichuan Hyundai-Transys Automotive System Co., Ltd.(Formerly Sichuan Hyundai-Dymos Automotive System Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to SAIC Maxus.

Sichuan Jianan Industrial Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 22 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 12 Axle(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Chery.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Haima.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Zotye.

Sichuan Ningjiang Shanchuan Machinery Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 119 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BAW.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Deepal.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Aion.It has sold a total of 19 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Motor.It has sold a total of 13 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor.It has sold a total of 30 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Suzuki.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Haima.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to BAIC Yinxiang.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Changhe.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Changhe Suzuki.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Nissan.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW Car.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Great Wall.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Hawtai.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to JAC.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.

SKF USA Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Toyota.

SKH Metals Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 12 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 12 Axle(s) to Maruti Suzuki.

SNT Daewoo (Kunshan) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM.

SNT Motiv Co., Ltd. (Formerly S&T Motiv Co., Ltd.)is a top 500 supplier, located in South Korea. It has sold a total of 19 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 16 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Sogefi S.p.A.is a top 500 supplier, located in Italy. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Renault.

Somboon Advance Technology Public Co., Ltd.is a top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 18 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Hino.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to GM.

Somboon Somic Manufacturing Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar)is a top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

Stabilus GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Alfa Romeo.

Suzuki Akita Auto Parts Mfg. Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Suzuki.

Suzuki Auto Parts Mfg. Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.

Takshi Auto Components Pvt. Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Tata.

Talbros Engineering Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.

Tenneco (Beijing) Ride Control System Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 40 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Beijing Benz.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Xpeng.It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Beijing Hyundai.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Chery Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Jiangling Motors.

Tenneco (Changzhou) Ride Performance Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to IM Motors.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Rising Auto.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Li Auto.

Tenneco Automotive Eastern Europe Sp. z o.o.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Poland. It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.

Tenneco Automotive Europeis a not top 500 supplier, located in Belgium. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.

Tenneco Automotive Iberica, S.A.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Spain. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Tenneco Automotive India Pvt. Ltd. - Bawal Plantis a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Maruti Suzuki.

Tenneco Automotive India Pvt. Ltd. - Chennai Plantis a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.

Tenneco Automotive India Pvt. Ltd. - Pune Plantis a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tata.

Tenneco Automotive India Pvt. Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 24 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 17 Shock Absorber(s) to Maruti Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Scania.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tata.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Tenneco Automotive Industry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.

Tenneco Canada Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Canada. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.

Tenneco GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

Tenneco Inc.is a top 500 supplier, located in United States of America. It has sold a total of 82 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Maruti Suzuki.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Rivian.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 11 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW Brilliance.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Polestar.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Volvo Cars.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to AvtoVAZ.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.

Thai Summit PK Corporation Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Nissan.

Thai Summit PKK Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 16 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Nissan.

THOMAS MAGNETE GMBHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.

thyssenkrupp AG (Formerly ThyssenKrupp AG)is a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s),15 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to smart.

thyssenkrupp Automotive Systems GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Porsche.

thyssenkrupp Bilstein GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 102 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to IM Motors.It has sold a total of 22 Shock Absorber(s) to Lotus.It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Daihatsu.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Yulon.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Aston Martin.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

thyssenkrupp Bilstein of America Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 43 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Lucid.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to Tesla.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.

thyssenkrupp Bilstein S.A.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Romania. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.

ThyssenKrupp Bilstein Shock Absorbers Auto Parts (Changzhou) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jiangling Motors.

thyssenkrupp Components Technology de Mxico, S.A. de C.V.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ram Trucks.

thyssenKrupp Presta (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Xpeng.

TI Fluid Systems Plc. (Formerly TI Automotive Limited)is a top 500 supplier, located in United Kingdom. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.

Tianjin Beite Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Beijing Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Lifan.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Brilliance Jinbei.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jiangling Motors.

TMD Friction Holdings GmbHis a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Dacia.

Toyota Kirloskar Auto Parts Pvt. Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 5 Axle(s) to Toyota.

Toyota Motor East Japan Inc. - Miyagi Taiwa Plant (Formerly Toyota Mortor East Corporation)is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Toyota.

Toyota Motor East Japan Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s),1 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Toyota.

TRW FAWER Automobile Safety Systems (Changchun) Co., Ltd.(TFASS)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

UNIPRES Corporationis a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.

Univance Corporationis a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Toyota.

Valeo Automotiv Sistemleri Endustrisi A.S.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Turkey. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.

Valeo Engineering Center(India), Lighting Systems, Wiper Systems, Pvt. Ltdis a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.

Valeo Groupis a top 500 supplier, located in France. It has sold a total of 34 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 12 Clutch(s) to Maruti Suzuki.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Mahindra & Mahindra.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Tata.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Fiat.

Valeo Kapec Japan K.K.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Suzuki.

Valeo Pyeong Hwa Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Beijing Hyundai.

Vibracoustic (Wuxi) Vibration Isolators Co., Ltd. (Formerly Wuxi Trelleborg Vibration Isolator Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 14 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Xpeng.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Changan Ford.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.

Vibracoustic CV Air Springs GmbHis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.

Vibracoustic CV Air Springs Magyarorszag Kft.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Hungary. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.

Vibracoustic de Mexico S.A. de C.V. - Lermais a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.

Vibracoustic India Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly Trelleborg Vibracoustic India Pvt. Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.

Vibracoustic SEis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 48 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 15 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Aston Martin.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Lamborghini.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to DS Automobiles.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Rolls-Royce.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Bentley.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Renault.

Volkswagen FAW Platform Co., Ltd. Chengdu Branchis a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

Volkswagen FAW Platform Co., Ltd. Foshan Branchis a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

Vollmann (Sachsen) GmbH & Co. KG - Welzowis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

Vorwerk Autotec GmbH & Co. KGis a not top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW.

Wuhu Hefeng Clutch Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Chery.

Xiamen Kaifa Shock Absorber Industry Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 34 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle.It has sold a total of 18 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Peugeot Citroen.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Dongfeng Yulon.

Y-Ogura Automotive (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Honda.

Y-TEC Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.

Yanagawa Techno Forge (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.

Yantai Huizhong Automotive Chassis Systems Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to SAIC GM.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Shanghai GM.

Yorozu (Thailand) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Thailand. It has sold a total of 16 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 14 Axle(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Nissan.

Yorozu Automotiva do Blasil Ltda.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Renault.

Yorozu Corp.is a top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 10 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Renault Samsung.It has sold a total of 7 Axle(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Nissan.

Yorozu JBM Automotive Tamil Nadu Pvt., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in India. It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Renault.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Nissan.

Zen S.A.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Opel.

ZF Active Safety And Electronics US LLC (Formerly TRW Automotive)is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total of 77 Shock Absorber(s),3 Clutch(s),1 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to Chrysler.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 27 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Daimler.

Zf Automotive Components & Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (Formerly Sachs Automotive Components & Systems Shanghai Co., Ltd.)is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s),1 Clutch(s),It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Li Auto.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Xpeng.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Zotye.

Zf Chassis Systems (Beijing) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Beijing Benz.

ZF CV Systems Global GmbH (Formerly WABCO Global GmbH)is a top 500 supplier, located in Switzerland. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.

ZF do Brasil Ltda. - Piraporinhais a not top 500 supplier, located in Brazil. It has sold a total of 25 Clutch(s). It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Peugeot.

ZF FAWER Chassis Technology (Changchun) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s). It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.

ZF Friedrichshafen AGis a top 500 supplier, located in Germany. It has sold a total of 158 Shock Absorber(s),98 Clutch(s),85 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 25 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Chrysler.It has sold a total of 27 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 11 Shock Absorber(s) to Subaru.It has sold a total of 25 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Maserati.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Skoda.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Bentley.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Shanghai GM.It has sold a total of 7 Clutch(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 5 Clutch(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 8 Clutch(s) to Skoda.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 15 Clutch(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Iveco.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to GAZ.It has sold a total of 11 Clutch(s) to Opel.It has sold a total of 3 Clutch(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 9 Clutch(s) to Citroen.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Fiat.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Hyundai.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Kia.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Mitsubishi.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Nissan.It has sold a total of 4 Clutch(s) to Peugeot.It has sold a total of 6 Clutch(s) to SEAT.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to smart.It has sold a total of 1 Clutch(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 2 Clutch(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 6 Axle(s) to Alexander Dennis.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Rampini.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Volta Trucks.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to BMW Brilliance.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Hino.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Isuzu.It has sold a total of 16 Axle(s) to Daimler.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 17 Axle(s) to BMW.It has sold a total of 3 Axle(s) to Jaguar Land Rover.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Maserati.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to Dodge.It has sold a total of 9 Axle(s) to Ford.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Great Wall.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to DAF.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to GAZ.It has sold a total of 4 Axle(s) to GM Holden.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Porsche.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 1 Axle(s) to Bentley.

ZF Group (China)is a top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s),4 Axle(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Xiaomi.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to Beijing Benz.It has sold a total of 2 Axle(s) to BMW Brilliance.

ZF Japan Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Japan. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

ZF Lemforder Automotive Systems (Shenyang) Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s),It has sold a total of 8 Axle(s) to BMW Brilliance.

ZF North America Inc.is a not top 500 supplier, located in USA. It has sold a total o