f 9 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GM.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.

ZF Sachs Espana S.A.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Spain. It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 5 Shock Absorber(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Mercedes-Benz.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Porsche.

ZF Sachs Korea Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Korea. It has sold a total of 17 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Mazda.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.It has sold a total of 4 Shock Absorber(s) to Honda.It has sold a total of 10 Shock Absorber(s) to Hyundai.

ZF Sachs Suspansiyon Sistemleri Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Sis a not top 500 supplier, located in Turkey. It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Toyota.

ZF Slovakia as - ahyis a not top 500 supplier, located in Slovakia. It has sold a total of 8 Shock Absorber(s),and It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Alfa Romeo.It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s) to Audi.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.

ZF Suspension Technology Guadalajara, S.A. de C.V.is a not top 500 supplier, located in Mexico. It has sold a total of 3 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Jeep.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to Nissan.

Zhejiang Roadtamer Auto Suspension System Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 15 Shock Absorber(s). It has sold a total of 6 Shock Absorber(s) to FAW-Volkswagen.It has sold a total of 9 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC Volkswagen.

Zhejiang Wanxiang Marelli Absorber Co., Ltd.is a not top 500 supplier, located in China. It has sold a total of 12 Shock Absorber(s),It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to Great Wall.It has sold a total of 7 Shock Absorber(s) to Brilliance.It has sold a total of 1 Shock Absorber(s) to GAC Fiat Chrysler.It has sold a total of 2 Shock Absorber(s) to SAIC GM Wuling.

